Societies that value equality over efficiency will generally have which one of the following?

(C) a more equal distribution of income
(I) higher rates of economic growth
(I) small public sectors with limited powers
(I) constitutional restrictions on income redistribution policies

In 2007 the GDP deflator was 125 and nominal GDP was $9.9 trillion. In 2008 the GDP
deflator was 130 and nominal GDP was $11.7 trillion. How much did real GDP (expressed
in 2007 dollars) increase during this time period?

(I) $0.75 trillion
(I) $1.80 trillion
(I) $2.27 trillion
(C) $1.35 trillion

The economic principle that states that individuals or nations can gain by specializing in the
production of goods where they have the lowest opportunity cost is called:

(I) law of unintended consequences
(I) law of absolute advantage
(C) law of comparative advantage
(I) law of production possibilities

A firm in perfect competition has a demand curve that is:

(C) horizontal at the market price
(I) downward sloping
(I) upward sloping
(I) equal to the firm's total revenue curve

If the dollar loses value in comparison to other world currencies, this will cause which one
of the following?

(I) the demand for the dollar to decline and encourage investment in the U. S. economy
(I) the demand for the dollar to increase and encourage investment in the U. S. economy
(I) the demand for the dollar to increase and discourage investment in the U. S. economy
(C) the demand for the dollar to decline and discourage investment in the U. S. economy

If restrictive monetary policy is required to address a serious inflationary problem, it is
likely that the money supply will:

(C) contract and economic output will be reduced in the short run
(I) contract and economic output will increase in the short run
(I) expand and economic output will be reduced in the short run
(I) expand and economic output will increase in the short run

Which of the following describes contractionary fiscal policy?

(I) Increases Government Spending
(I) Decreases Taxes (increases disposable income)
(C) Increases Taxes (increases disposable income)
(I) Both A and B

A non-voting share that pays a fixed dividend is called

(I) common stock
(C) preferred stock
(I) capital loss

What type of warranty is it when assurances are made in the sale of a product due to the circumstances of the sale?

(C) Implied Warranty
(I) Limited Warranty
(I) Technical Warranty

The amount you get charged per writing a check is called 
(I). checking fee
(I) deposit fee
(C) service fee







