How does FBLA help to develop leadership in its members?

(I) By providing multiple arrays of objective tests 
(C) By allowing to participate in team roleplay events that help foster the business mindset
(I) By allowing members of each chapter to run for FBLA coordinator for regionals and state
(I) By allowing students to conduct mock interviews

How does FBLA increase the confidence of its members?

(I) Allows for members to present themselves in formal attire
(I) Allows for participants to participate in multiple presentation events, a standard in many businesses today
(C) Both of the Above
(I) Allows its members to meet other members and form new relationships, becoming more active in the community

How does FBLA create more interest in the American business enterprise? 

(I) By providing multiple of objective tests such as Economics, Personal Finance, Accounting, etc. that all provide interest.
(I) By providing multiple workshops during competitions
(I) By having multiple levels in the competition from regionals to nationals
(C) Both A and B

How does FBLA best help facilitate the transition from school to work? 

(C) By exposing high school students to business concepts such as personal finance that will help them in adulthood
(I) By allowing them to participate in team events that will test their ability to work in teams 
(I) By letting them conduct presentations and building its members’ character 

How does FBLA promote scholarship and school loyalty? 

(I) By allowing its competitors to participate in multiple levels of competition where they can represent their school
(I) By focusing on events that require months of preparation
(I) By allowing representatives from each school to run for chapter positions
(I) Both A and B

How does FBLA help high schoolers to interact with business professionals?

(I) Meet and Converse at its multiple workshops at conferences
(I) Present in front of industry professionsal for their events
(C) Both of the above. 	

How does FBLA help to recognize its chapters who have raised awareness for FBLA?

(I) By recognizing them on stage during the competitions
(I) By giving the super sweeps award to those members
(C) By recognizing them with the action awareness award. 

How does FBLA aid in helping high schoolers learn effective money management?

(C) By allowing them to take objective tests that aid in finances (Ex: Personal fiance)
(I) By having education workshops provided to the members
(I) By having multiple awards available to compete for

